A.R.M.S - A Race for Munitions and Survival

Game Concepts

1. Main Mode- Survival

- In this game mode, players play as robots and they must gain as many weapons as possible using them to attack and destroy all the opponents.
Last survivor wins, death -> elimination
>Specs:
Player Energy: 100 Volts
Player Shield: Starts at 0 Volts, charges by attacking with a weapon that uses energy or drawing shields.
You can gain shield by selling cards (energy worth is shown on the card)

>Weapon Upgrades: You can add an energy crystal to a completed weapon, changing the weapon to its crystal form

>9 Total Weapon Sets: (Still coming up with ideas)
Each robot by default is equipped with 8 basic weapons.
Weapons can be upgraded with parts.

1. Brown - Basic Throwing Knife
	- A: Blade Upgrade: Longer length and serrated edges 
	- B: Handle Upgrade: Increased ease of use and allows shooting of blade.
	- Crystal Form: Energy Sword 
 
2. Green - Grenade:
Each upgrade adds a new grenade to the package.
	- A: Fragmentation Grenade: Shell of grenade is made of a different material that splits into fragments upon explosion
	- B: Concussion Grenade: Shell of grenade is thin, and the filler is heavier, creating a powerful explosion.
	- C: Incendiary Grenade: This grenade explodes, splashing searing fire at intense temperatures
	- Crystal Form: Plasma Grenade
	
3. Dark Blue - Pistol
	- A: Barrel Upgrade: Longer barrel allows for increased precision
	- B: Grip Upgrade: Increased ease of use and reduced recoil
	- C: Magazine Upgrade: A larger magazine increases the number of bullets fired per load
	- Crystal Form: Energy Pulser 

4. Purple- Shotgun 
	- A: Recoil Reducing Pads: Squishy pad at the end of shotgun reduces kick of the weapon.
	- B: Magazine Upgrade: Increased magazine allows more more shots every load. 
		(Same upgrade as pistol, but they must choose one for it to apply to, permanently)
	- C: Sights Upgrade: Adds finely tuned sights to improve accuracy of the weapon
	-Crystal Form: Charging Blaster
	
5. Orange - Assault Rifle / Rapidfire Pulser
	-A: 

6. LightBlue - Sniper / Beam Raygun
7. Red - Rocket Launcher / Splashing Plasma Rockets
8. Yellow- Nuclear Bomb



>Gameplay: Turn by turn players go, 3 moves per turn
In one turn, players draw two cards, then can play three cards
At the end of each turn, players can have up to 7 cards in their hand. Or else, the turn cannot be ended.

Each turn, player can 
a) play a card 
b) discard a card (takes a turn unless 3 moves have been taken and more than 7 cards are in hand)
c) end turn

Win Conditions: When all other players are dead, winner will gain X amount of points, others will gain points based on performance

Games are matched based on ranking

>Card Types:
One use ammunition upgrade: "BOOST!"

Stealing one weapon part: "PART PICKER"

Stealing a whole weapon: "ARMS ABDUCTION"

Swapping a weapon part with another person: "SWAP!"

Single target barrage: "FOCUSED SHOT"

Multi target small fire: "RAIN OF FIRE"

Prevent any attack or swap: "BARRIER"

Single Ammunition for fire on one person: "SINGLE TARGET AMMUNITION"

Ammunition specific to one - three weapons: (Dagger/sword/club, BowArrow/ Spear, Bayonett/MachineGun, Flamethrower/GrenadeLauncher, Nuke)
Hits Everyone, MULTI TARGET AMMUNITION

Weapon Upgrade: "Energy Crystal" (explained above)

Shield Filler: "SHIELD CHARGE"

Health Pack: "ENERGY PACK"

Draw two cards: "SCAVENGE THE JUNKYARD"

Another turn: "TIME WARP"

>(optional) Event Cards: When drawn using a turn, card is unknown until played.
1. Lucky Battery: Heals Energy or Shield by 10
2. Weapon Malfunction: If ___ is owned, the weapon is destroyed and put into the discard pile, unless it is part of a full set
3. Robot Malfunction: Glitches and turn ends
4. Weapon of Choice:
-new ideas welcome-

2. Second mode: Weapons race- First player to reach a combined health and shields of 200 and gains 3 weapons wins
-description yet to be implemented-

Currency and shop implemented later